V 1. check order of input args, save output file names to variables.
V 2. add open of output files to open files method.
V 3. create struct for unit (operation+index, Fk, Fj, Qj, Qk...)
V 4. malloc of 6 "main" pointer in unit_types struct
V 5. mallocs to pointers for all of the units according to count from config
V 6. change cmds name to ints and the array name to mem
V 7. change inst struct to include also the properties for trace file: unit_name, unit_pointer, cycle_issued, cycle_read_operands, cycle_execute_end, 	
	cycle_write_result. 
V 8. create regs array that contains reg struct:
	reg_value (single precision)
	reg_status (pointer to relevant unit)
V 9. don't create methods that convert float to SP and SP to float
V 10. regs init - F0=0, F1=1.0, etc
V 11. create instructions queue of 16 asm_cmd_t
V 12. support queue functionalities (is full, enqueue, dequeue, top)
V 13. fetch - check if queue is full. if full- does nothing, if not - enqueue.
V 14. issue - checks queue's top: 
	* checks the status of the dst reg, if it's busy does nothing
	* checks that there is a relevant non-busy unit, if there isn't does nothing 
	* if two checks are ok, dequeue the instruction from the queue and assign a unit to it (with relevant bookkeeping)
V 15. read operands - checks if Rj, Rk are Yes. If not - wait. If both 	Yes, changes them to No.
V 16. implement operation methods (add, sub, etc)  	
V 17. execution - count down (make sure we notice that the last cycle of read operation is the first cycle of execution).
V 18. write result - checks if Rj, Rk are No for all units that are waiting to the reg we are going to write. If not - wait. 
	If ok - executes the relevant operation, updates the register value and add relevant bookkeeping.
V 19. create method that checks conditions for write and write / write and read form the same address in memory, used in LD and ST executions. 
	We be called in wrote result step.
V 20. add a method for writing memout file - dump the mem array after execution.
V 21. add a method for writing regout file - dump the float values of regs array after execution.
V 22. add a method for writing traceinst file - dump the inst values after execution.
V 23. add a method for writing traceunit file - every cycle.
V 24. understand if we need to trace unit after running the step or before (in execute all).
V 25. build main
V 26. old and new values of regs
V 27. check the case when configured delay is one cycle
V 28. check the case of non-single-space spacing in input files
V 29. think if we want to implement trimming the output mem file if only include zeros from a certain point onward. maybe save a counter of max relevant 
	mem address and export only until this counter.

V 100. free all mallocs (units, instructuions)
V 101. close files
102. get rid of TODOs
103. check using the example files
V 104. add documentation file
105. write three memin + cfg files for tests.
106. document the check programs in doc file
107. go over forum
108. organize submission

